React Blog – React
React
v
19.3
Search
⌘
Ctrl
K
Learn
Reference
Community
Blog
Blog
Copy page
Copy
React Blog
This blog is the official source for the updates from the React team. Anything important, including release notes or deprecation notices, will be posted here first.
You can also follow the
@react.dev
account on Bluesky, or
@reactjs
account on Twitter, but you won’t miss anything essential if you only read this blog.
React 19.3
September 9, 2026
React 19.3 adds new features like View Transitions, Fragment Refs, browser(), Trusted Types, and more. In this post …
Read more
The React Foundation: A New Home for React Hosted by the Linux Foundation
February 24, 2026
The React Foundation has officially launched under the Linux Foundation.
Read more
Denial of Service and Source Code Exposure in React Server Components
December 11, 2025
Security researchers have found and disclosed two additional vulnerabilities in React Server Components while attempting to exploit the patches in last week’s critical vulnerability…
Read more
Critical Security Vulnerability in React Server Components
December 3, 2025
There is an unauthenticated remote code execution vulnerability in React Server Components. A fix has been published in versions 19.0.1, 19.1.2, and 19.2.1. We recommend upgrading immediately.
Read more
React Conf 2025 Recap
October 16, 2025
Last week we hosted React Conf 2025. In this post, we summarize the talks and announcements from the event…
Read more
React Compiler v1.0
October 7, 2025
We’re releasing the compiler’s first stable release today, plus linting and tooling improvements to make adoption easier.
Read more
Introducing the React Foundation
October 7, 2025
Today, we’re announcing our plans to create the React Foundation and a new technical governance structure …
Read more
React 19.2
October 1, 2025
React 19.2 adds new features like Activity, React Performance Tracks, useEffectEvent, and more. In this post …
Read more
React Labs: View Transitions, Activity, and more
April 23, 2025
In React Labs posts, we write about projects in active research and development. In this post, we’re sharing two new experimental features that are ready to try today, and sharing other areas we’re working on now …
Read more
Sunsetting Create React App
February 14, 2025
Today, we’re deprecating Create React App for new apps, and encouraging existing apps to migrate to a framework, or to migrate to a build tool like Vite, Parcel, or RSBuild. We’re also providing docs for when a framework isn’t a good fit for your project, you want to build your own framework, or you just want to learn how React works by building a React app from scratch …
Read more
React v19
December 5, 2024
In the React 19 Upgrade Guide, we shared step-by-step instructions for upgrading your app to React 19. In this post, we’ll give an overview of the new features in React 19, and how you can adopt them …
Read more
React Compiler Beta Release
October 21, 2024
We announced an experimental release of React Compiler at React Conf 2024. We’ve made a lot of progress since then, and in this post we want to share what’s next for React Compiler …
Read more
React Conf 2024 Recap
May 22, 2024
Last week we hosted React Conf 2024, a two-day conference in Henderson, Nevada where 700+ attendees gathered in-person to discuss the latest in UI engineering. This was our first in-person conference since 2019, and we were thrilled to be able to bring the community together again …
Read more
React 19 Upgrade Guide
April 25, 2024
The improvements added to React 19 require some breaking changes, but we’ve worked to make the upgrade as smooth as possible, and we don’t expect the changes to impact most apps. In this post, we will guide you through the steps for upgrading libraries to React 19 …
Read more
React Labs: What We've Been Working On – February 2024
February 15, 2024
In React Labs posts, we write about projects in active research and development. Since our last update, we’ve made significant progress on React Compiler, new features, and React 19, and we’d like to share what we learned.
Read more
React Canaries: Incremental Feature Rollout Outside Meta
May 3, 2023
Traditionally, new React features used to only be available at Meta first, and land in the open source releases later. We’d like to offer the React community an option to adopt individual new features as soon as their design is close to final—similar to how Meta uses React internally. We are introducing a new officially supported Canary release channel. It lets curated setups like frameworks decouple adoption of individual React features from the React release schedule.
Read more
React Labs: What We've Been Working On – March 2023
March 22, 2023
In React Labs posts, we write about projects in active research and development. Since our last update, we’ve made significant progress on React Server Components, Asset Loading, Optimizing Compiler, Offscreen Rendering, and Transition Tracing, and we’d like to share what we learned.
Read more
Introducing react.dev
March 16, 2023
Today we are thrilled to launch react.dev, the new home for React and its documentation. In this post, we would like to give you a tour of the new site.
Read more
React Labs: What We've Been Working On – June 2022
June 15, 2022
React 18 was years in the making, and with it brought valuable lessons for the React team. Its release was the result of many years of research and exploring many paths. Some of those paths were successful; many more were dead-ends that led to new insights. One lesson we’ve learned is that it’s frustrating for the community to wait for new features without having insight into these paths that we’re exploring…
Read more
React v18.0
March 29, 2022
React 18 is now available on npm! In our last post, we shared step-by-step instructions for upgrading your app to React 18. In this post, we’ll give an overview of what’s new in React 18, and what it means for the future…
Read more
How to Upgrade to React 18
March 8, 2022
As we shared in the release post, React 18 introduces features powered by our new concurrent renderer, with a gradual adoption strategy for existing applications. In this post, we will guide you through the steps for upgrading to React 18…
Read more
React Conf 2021 Recap
December 17, 2021
Last week we hosted our 6th React Conf. In previous years, we’ve used the React Conf stage to deliver industry changing announcements such as React Native and React Hooks. This year, we shared our multi-platform vision for React, starting with the release of React 18 and gradual adoption of concurrent features…
Read more
The Plan for React 18
June 8, 2021
The React team is excited to share a few updates:
We’ve started work on the React 18 release, which will be our next major version.
We’ve created a Working Group to prepare the community for gradual adoption of new features in React 18.
We’ve published a React 18 Alpha so that library authors can try it and provide feedback…
Read more
Introducing Zero-Bundle-Size React Server Components
December 21, 2020
2020 has been a long year. As it comes to an end we wanted to share a special Holiday Update on our research into zero-bundle-size React Server Components. To introduce React Server Components, we have prepared a talk and a demo. If you want, you can check them out during the holidays, or later when work picks back up in the new year…
Read more
All release notes
Not every React release deserves its own blog post, but you can find a detailed changelog for every release in the
CHANGELOG.md
file in the React repository, as well as on the
Releases
page.
Older posts
See the
older posts.
Copyright © Meta Platforms, Inc
no uwu plz
uwu?
Logo by
@sawaratsuki1004
Learn React
Quick Start
Installation
Describing the UI
Adding Interactivity
Managing State
Escape Hatches
API Reference
React APIs
React DOM APIs
Community
Code of Conduct
Meet the Team
Docs Contributors
Acknowledgements
More
Blog
React Native
Privacy
Terms
